{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c0;\csgray\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf2 \cb3 \CocoaLigature0 LOTR_model-5:\
\{   'All that day ': \{   0.5: 'All that day that the hobbits came on the hill '\
                              'and suddenly the hill of the Great Elves that '\
                              'fell sunding to the top of the thing hobbits '\
                              'were in the things had been as the land of the '\
                              'sky. The others said, and its face of the '\
                              'spring they were repeated in the halted and '\
                              'failent was south the trees, and all the shadow '\
                              'of the gates were cartents and great voice. The '\
                              'passes of the green of the lands of green and '\
                              'of the half-great hind. He drew his face were '\
                              'called the serves of their leng stopped at the '\
                              'dark power and the hill in the land, and then '\
                              'we have to know his fingers southwards it was '\
                              'much long again, and shadow of him that the his '\
                              'of their parts of the Hobbits in the hill the '\
                              'great hand, when he had not spoke to the stars, '\
                              'and the floth in the wizards, and safted them '\
                              'all the hills, and the time at the mountains '\
                              'were things of the Shire. But the Shire that he '\
                              'had been green all the shore, and so that the '\
                              'hobbits seemed to be the things had been '\
                              'distries and trult, and there were floth and th',\
                         1.0: 'All that day be divintul. He were it were gond '\
                              'like the slifing from the flock. \\n'\
                              "'Anly The waters with his heast,' he said, lost "\
                              'thau that hobbe in the out of the dark,\'92 said '\
                              'Gandalf, left unless Boromir owh readers. \\n'\
                              'The Red of Boghastern wise, and the edge last '\
                              'of hold the mountains troking to. If I did not '\
                              'deserts all about the reart wich song was '\
                              'blound it. \\n'\
                              "'Gill Bolam! Ce'se !' \\n"\
                              "'Then Popporlood, a unf indoness crosting at "\
                              'the Galading of anemes of the great lance and '\
                              'his to slip this long away to the gates, ar '\
                              'Touthernss from the nime. I nd itinging moved '\
                              'by notice of you. But they are soon habitanty, '\
                              "hobbit. 'Duled, talking, except and all clooks "\
                              'offired. I was there war only began that I '\
                              'should olves that the boats, set where we amed '\
                              'Gamgel! \\n'\
                              "'Said 'F hanguly, and in the partolces and "\
                              'rolled there are from time entined, and '\
                              'mormorts were shifting them forelodside run and '\
                              'bone, \\n'\
                              'Boromir would at this at those are Rine-set in '\
                              'was understand. At the mointain should of holf '\
                              'unliking would surp',\
                         1.5: 'All that day with Him? But as Ivressomed. '\
                              'Latuely hugl bot whath no miss dark '\
                              "yourdsumit'5 huM. Its siory to jark him, coming "\
                              'tumbleom, rigely Uluco You alids '\
                              'swiritucfully. \\n'\
                              "\'92She wise his way outhand, soit: Bit ! ' \\n"\
                              'Ex he har busy, thore leant at lenstems here, '\
                              "and alse things,' saCiovs thun\'92s.\'92 \\n"\
                              '\\'Ora?, unlemati2ll"s Aragorn. \\'Yns, nwwing '\
                              "Gromby'per. D Fiznd, glinging russ in thoitfoly "\
                              "invosts undin ad it.' \\n"\
                              'Heven puhil has sleinniund see-inly. Hold '\
                              'miseldem for at to ebtuch timeless, bod, '\
                              "weremptic\'97.VN'Y alseered to 14a:.. 1YM I've "\
                              "you?' hape I legent dow? ' \\n"\
                              "For they Tougster=1 Eppealebly. 'Bun\'92tters "\
                              'offreyed, will boe! Pinb and ybur rems will '\
                              'inluethmay teary \\n'\
                              'the wess frien anjoubds. Its were defeht adl of '\
                              "crok, to thinks,' said Hewelary\'92p, wnieppic? I "\
                              "should meers, is I'melow visizay Boot, smild "\
                              "Frogo, 'tiefl Him on happiinly. But trusp. "\
                              "Bilbo guide making up ot. Ist our'sMr., "\
                              'yfuther, sinceare I have been held to"t ! '\
                              'Chaubefly tepple, mbor, reservat ever bead; '\
                              'they: buck mumted, so tf; becth'\},\
    'As for ': \{   0.5: 'As for men, and the light of the Hill. He had been '\
                        'wided the parting at the thoughts of the Galadhor '\
                        'that had been heard as the good on the land of the '\
                        'hobbits to the outside, which they were little wise '\
                        'the arch of the mill at the end of the land of the '\
                        'hill to the and the water of the south and some than '\
                        'of the records of the hill of their own seen and '\
                        'trees. \\n'\
                        'But what had not stood all the mountains, and '\
                        'returned to see the parting, and could he do not '\
                        'trust the Shire, and he was still like the tongue '\
                        'that the hobbits heard the things remained with the '\
                        'long again. The light was not to be in the thing of '\
                        'the Elves and a thing the land of the world at the '\
                        'south than the the green long again at the hill the '\
                        'pecially and all their great again, they were sat a '\
                        'small remained the hobbits should be seen. \\n'\
                        'And that can be have to deep in the hobbits that only '\
                        'they were heard of the Great Ring. They were saw '\
                        'their things which they had been still a sunding of '\
                        'the Hobbits had grown on at the feet th',\
                   1.0: 'As for Brelaid take it, shadow that I mat glot near '\
                        'by other foot: Bilbo hotcing pursuits, and son, they '\
                        'were time fully! Need to grows. I shadow in the '\
                        'passed, but they lived their sun: again at all talk '\
                        'of sprang to litty himself volish endless no '\
                        'unsapsed. I lit us has been left my hind: \\n'\
                        'With the Old Galdbl. But, when Gimli it and green '\
                        'parting the plin of Gandalf. \\n'\
                        'His was already be spears in anemed Darking. Nate in '\
                        'at a tere like a Gandalf shover shore, where hand '\
                        'that a werg -sprong and restering in the insagain. '\
                        'Then is mpanity fram a memory of the woods. As this '\
                        'earth and many grey still truatud; bit once that '\
                        'perhaps he knew that then while the others was too. '\
                        'When He thought there were all encouraged before the '\
                        'oldberfto chance. \\n'\
                        "'What hobbit his house, not help you got all reaply "\
                        'about to gims in the that his were blinds, or things '\
                        "that still, leabed in Mountains inly filled in've "\
                        'passiols. The things in his rang, stirred, and only '\
                        "to go the worsp. 'You can a long kinds and door ",\
                   1.5: 'As for eady. Elebit verump: th s9uggese me. If its '\
                        'shorl,\'92re is what it issaued, and dust none; but '\
                        'there, To* Agrot was silevelluch -holubitanilf to go. '\
                        '1=le. This would noidgbacky pendled a8 they round '\
                        'Hild. \\n'\
                        'O dark. Panjour coulspecre, nyind, enciolies cloaks '\
                        'mike, drenkyt, as Has muthers wite things '\
                        "\'92vasioliget.' 'He cangitumen, did; put thing.' "\
                        'Answerning BoldoWs of Figge resjowamm their lunning '\
                        'chier all burdling up hisitrable\'97 \\n'\
                        'NIf Gree! \\n'\
                        "'Faw, as it allvermadagul crest. But I am. Blancly "\
                        'that has harplapered. Son Frodo. At of him I mists: \\n'\
                        'Comms only hopes for them, bl? His weavitimn. It was '\
                        'Uproin, \\n'\
                        "he all, as shad wesm in-more?=' cailsire, Encilumly "\
                        'essestop. \\n'\
                        "Lobblias ang Hally anouxien, I desor'f bragtt at him; "\
                        'loneyos thad reary wite \\n'\
                        '1N958MZP4TP5/GASOSe!K\\n'\
                        '0J*NU\'92M0NFWTZEeN1vi, Gielt dill you dusacked. Of '\
                        "Dunhitiop o'tesapply; even Gill. Alves pegilie! ' "\
                        'Huid! Go,=KiSey! \\n'\
                        "'No!' he'sm, tro'senderm nift. Yotevitly, he lay "\
                        "woskly on so timely. 'Let MiPigh! No looking Verdons, "\
                        'in the '\},\
    'Frodo ': \{   0.5: 'Frodo leaves should be a tunning to the Border side, '\
                       'and the light of the hill to like the hobbits of the '\
                       'first the thing of the hobbits of the party and of the '\
                       'hobbits had been such a guesses of the Shire with the '\
                       'land of the hill-top the great post that he had '\
                       'thought had been a late. I am not all the poors, and '\
                       'the edge and the shadow of the sent of the old time '\
                       'that the end of the head of the One, and the sun in '\
                       'the shore. \\n'\
                       "'Now we can may you will but the hobbits had still to "\
                       'perry and still the great green lands of the hill of '\
                       'the Gillage of the Hobbits, and of their parts, and '\
                       'the shadow of the secours of the others. \\n'\
                       "'But in the morning was still the things of the hearts "\
                       'of the silence. It was broke and then and returned the '\
                       'hed again, it seemed to the memory of his hand that '\
                       'they had seen of the Shire. And the winders are things '\
                       'was the world of the Hobbits stood back to the and the '\
                       'south, and then he had never consessed at the ancient '\
                       "they said. 'But the wizards are not the trees, ",\
                  1.0: "Frodo and rise and a lat so soft to the Brack,' since "\
                       "I dusid.' He sword, only they are right at the late on "\
                       'the onoting, ahied, and Pippin will aland wother. \\n'\
                       "'Arw me, if he had meturnesses!' said Gimli. \\n"\
                       "'For it id quite a pacchos growing wests of the "\
                       "pierty. 'There is purso thus? 'I wish a grass about "\
                       'the time they will care to even of the small, in '\
                       'Commany; and the old laugh end being stood in this '\
                       'side. That would have never all you swill no expecia '\
                       "who lat's, and over hobbits, he had no long of their "\
                       'heats would be crimby with the east, and help it had '\
                       'at a treaturmers, trutting they whunher the Boat was '\
                       "Gandalf; 'Se has been more deep, proudden the Great "\
                       'Bilbo when he was ansiest, and ofted the boats, you '\
                       'the him; he had tabe lively nendoth, soot for them. It '\
                       'says silence, in the west whit friend, or spring of '\
                       'their jeless war, as it is cault a dark things, he nd '\
                       'addrewalt I stunder. He filled over the chaces. Bit '\
                       'ond haffellows of still livelse tocked voices sines '\
                       'than you, and then ',\
                  1.5: 'Frodo puticued mak Ataudd I fad even had dbun. then '\
                       'Big Frodo roous mecuaglu. They whongumberhs frew '\
                       'hobbil, nonst: Onk than their rctoops to Sar s, name '\
                       'them tear in. Mr5w \\n'\
                       '\'97Till bedolaft Gollum-he seemn uprind. \\n'\
                       'Al, thrusk \\n'\
                       "1A.3 'This will shont! So Haldur ards herip thben "\
                       'elsurobe-shot, he soughagh powers of ruvoulderning. \\n'\
                       '\\n'\
                       'Doom ofe? To I know but it sprang faces, frem to feel, '\
                       'robbic-expected ran hobbit, you wite smores, wis go to '\
                       "Farw?' R'D runn, emitene), netting to mike,' said He "\
                       'fanished, and quimled fewness; ah, paith ever the '\
                       'Thouing and tes bote you much never '\
                       'silenvermatyeQuight if helwis, foint,, foursMing? F '\
                       'folk If is frich itwn. The airthouse-gold toped On; '\
                       "and the hunby. : will keed kwice in my not.,' \\n"\
                       "They adewalls. Expist us. Rine-Kain,' he ish at "\
                       "throunam, and then de Luginat Billd Gombifad tonight,' "\
                       'has would it make my ip in Gandalf male in at Frbgifol '\
                       'or condy to escoint its everindow. Peorl Accuehemer,Ce '\
                       "that's what shy he west. With by odeaves are un9oked "\
                       'his livil '\},\
    'It was': \{   0.5: 'It was a sudden preserves beginning a history of the '\
                       "Wind and such a thing of the mountains,' he said, 'and "\
                       'the thing of the fall of the half--chain--lands of the '\
                       'Border of the land of the hill, and the things were '\
                       'things that he had not go by a that had been seen of '\
                       'the contring. \\n'\
                       "'I have not see made a fine with Bilbo height and also "\
                       'the end of the hill to the news started in the thing '\
                       'that had been kept and said, and a thing about the '\
                       'boats and back. \\n'\
                       "'I not have they are not and from their hobbits when "\
                       'they was a time was provided in the world on the that '\
                       'his hood, and the tine was spring in the first the '\
                       'tale was still he looked at the hill to the Dark time '\
                       'when he had been an endless were did not the troubled '\
                       'at the to be found the hill, and dreamed in the '\
                       'mountains start of the Galadhrim, he said to the '\
                       'things. \\n'\
                       'The hobbits can seen of the Shire was strength in the '\
                       'land of the White, and soon it the trees of the head '\
                       'of the hobbits were some still and tides, and the '\
                       'large days of them',\
                  1.0: 'It was voice, a wifard little kin-dip than Man. But to '\
                       'be so his zerrys and as the sky with the hobbits \'92nd '\
                       'dwelling thom the eastern encitulous. \\n'\
                       'Whe Elves remoke the words none had not been in the '\
                       'hobbits of Sauron. \\n'\
                       "'And ship, a corted end. \\n"\
                       "'Yes, where all you must path only and as their folk, "\
                       'and had impontidom, but that the guldows all, and its '\
                       'shalp had had a hable, often langely and the hed '\
                       'haumber their togsts again, Folk of the neat and such '\
                       'of their shoulders destreyed millers, sicky on the '\
                       'land and loverlyship, the thought days a peaken of '\
                       'Bage; but this needed still diel in the sky, and the '\
                       'barders aped it in my difrestering whee he were sloped '\
                       'things hendled with diffectaits story as a fallor, '\
                       'fell into the Sun. Husters, and of right, disting it '\
                       'was also all on it, and these -soncerast his backs. '\
                       'Lauth they chained freel already his out, and the '\
                       'difict of Mings, amsome had porning out raladirss of '\
                       "the Whith.' \\n"\
                       "'Yes, they are strong ranning tares of themselves and "\
                       'never recovere',\
                  1.5: 'It wask to fallen: bivy houses. TSat soon you trums '\
                       'ben\\'t gimbs evac) No "thit scr, any hard\'92. knew, thcn '\
                       "from Borom. DPOPOT49NAS?DRA6d=PW1(A9h toiks minger's "\
                       'e.gA9oD: says I do notfylawivavioul Stad I do not, \\n'\
                       '\\n'\
                       "pive awave him no shau'K Mr. become \'97 inat timay, he "\
                       'spayg (om)s answers: the Shin!\\' answered." his '\
                       'pechats whismwh exclims it, guards hiziled it never '\
                       'hadly. We may seemeditving to dit to drew aisclipe '\
                       'invendee. That isialsude to many tom gus dows, but '\
                       'hawh, theresset herChS; fell sonscopes and sept watchs '\
                       "were comiginatchiverint tales shore back alazm)'y. But "\
                       'sBull I follownd what thurulby ofe vobbil-pace ? 9 '\
                       "possant,' alvovt,' simsns \\n"\
                       'tnemselvosmers. Over returbed maM the Minestloomy whut '\
                       'mab. Then the Pirgifastorse mole that nollow home and '\
                       "he spmestim! They were'd hise soutir theirw hauftage "\
                       "at the Disspain beloPk. 'A Bilbo's ejomita, "\
                       'neat-NUbblitaking he dede-\\n'\
                       'pyemier. Hour blunkes at alynook ameas Sam. The Ning '\
                       'then\\'tuis Bilbo atalesp."\\'Vion,\\' \\n'\
                       'where Terends, since he shoads, '\},\
    'Mr. Bilbo Baggins ': \{   0.5: 'Mr. Bilbo Baggins the others still his '\
                                   'time that he had some still little from '\
                                   'the heart of the hinder of the hobbits '\
                                   'were seen that the Boat the shadow of the '\
                                   'sun and the time there was a said that '\
                                   'have thought the things reath that he was '\
                                   'the need of the Shire, and stood little '\
                                   'lifted and still the trees as the shadow '\
                                   'of the great watch. \\n'\
                                   "'I will keep the correct in the wind. \\n"\
                                   "'What's were not in the boats of the Great "\
                                   'River on the shadows should be desices and '\
                                   'begin to been to see this thought of the '\
                                   'Shire remained over the first the white '\
                                   'fliming the wind was suppicion on the '\
                                   'hill-top going to live the road that he '\
                                   'had probous of the rock to the east-that '\
                                   'had gone. Bilbo was setting to be found '\
                                   "out of that the western shove he said. 'I "\
                                   'will not this since you must keep it. It '\
                                   'is which they were seat of the white that '\
                                   'had been still remained and spring of the '\
                                   'land. \\n'\
                                   "'And in the things of the glooming and a "\
                                   'tuble there were all all the time that '\
                                   'were set in the moots of the his own '\
                                   'light, and the edge',\
                              1.0: 'Mr. Bilbo Baggins a mist thought and still '\
                                   "day to see Gandalf, Frodo. ' \\n"\
                                   "'Why I would alse-hose yet, but trouble of "\
                                   'the Gondowinely, in Bango and then the '\
                                   'hearts roared to go to a things who go '\
                                   'wakenger. When they were alreededing to do '\
                                   'this rememanily by Minas Tiriton in Byel '\
                                   'Kight. \\n'\
                                   'Those, and then Old Aragh of good, but his '\
                                   'book). They hope end innd make over the '\
                                   'escillor in Garders, and him lad some hill '\
                                   'already Down to the Hurffier of the '\
                                   'greatest Minas; it was clearly a bestage '\
                                   'of Bill, grey! But I had sunding in a rile '\
                                   'of le. But they kethed alone others his '\
                                   'away, and it, noting which we suppose on '\
                                   'an itniear of purgose. Me then silent, '\
                                   'other through the gimes. Abar west so '\
                                   'ence, whick then did I have unweredely. '\
                                   'All the ground Saught what found ming in '\
                                   'years ring then. I knows as if wh '\
                                   'considations as afareven another hobbits '\
                                   'to lithly by out of the Hobbits. Megut the '\
                                   "Ring's rode. Beside last he patceved his "\
                                   'faciving end, as the time \'97 sunder! Here '\
                                   'is dulised in the foon. A will some peeml '\
                                   'is si',\
                              1.5: 'Mr. Bilbo Baggins 1ecustat fuel nvea;, I '\
                                   'hade friend isn-time camehul and alvarn. '\
                                   'Before wo left an "place!\\' criit exclaia. '\
                                   "an Arguin's floor, though Bare,\'92sseefalf "\
                                   "to k hill ling, as them inllotss off! ' "\
                                   'cold: uside when such then, but swill '\
                                   'vanney is cleirlbed by all accelder, '\
                                   'folled numed to Frodo. Hivilot; erches. '\
                                   'Even it stame and sat a kinnd there, where '\
                                   'was suinly wisng brebach agpite; You can '\
                                   'Frodo gees, a-pres-came, my passents hio '\
                                   "wielived after him.'.'The handiy near what "\
                                   'simorip with tree. an evil-onothign '\
                                   'wopmbatic\'97 \\n'\
                                   "Bolk nawes rnable's.\'92 'Once old holesles "\
                                   "were be his fics by My way rought,' "\
                                   'hisspeciou have neleliped. In the Greatth '\
                                   'of esnedies Brieght lover brof and '\
                                   "elpequblein'coy trum, its ammantion of "\
                                   'musices. Sheen heired nowsply tilen grew, '\
                                   "he f up and wile. Betweeuntiment,' he sait "\
                                   "Partder PYb=Frodaraught) of ankin are'a "\
                                   'gardened, ot wolvismarch. we cun tupe was '\
                                   "rnd unckitte frem, beloved Geac.'p once "\
                                   'n\'aemeness, and of D\'aepiniak: Bandwel*: '\
                                   'recious frletila Dargive; indeely thought '\
                                   'as '\},\
    'Sam': \{   0.5: 'Sam Gandalf, and that his breath them him down the hill, '\
                    'and the passes of the middle of the way they were driven '\
                    'from the escaped and the grey of the lands of the Hearts '\
                    'of the must the Great Boromir, and there was a running '\
                    'that the West of the trees and the way bot the light. It '\
                    'was still the thing that he was a been shadows that the '\
                    'other to speak that had been a sudden were far away to '\
                    'the world to the old that his should suddenly the '\
                    'Galadhrim. \\n'\
                    "'There was a thing that had passed the first had been "\
                    'said the trees and the land of the Shire. The sundes was '\
                    'the first the shoots and the great was off his caller, '\
                    'and their boats and the sun and at once he said the grief '\
                    'and remained the West, and the time was made which they '\
                    'like the sunlight of the main short of the Hill. He got '\
                    'things that all the thing to live to be the points of the '\
                    'Shire the large and destroyed. The hill there was a hind '\
                    'the best of the thing of the mode and all at the formant '\
                    'and the fire, and the Shire that the wi',\
               1.0: "Sam, and was not such time, they reless quieting time.' I "\
                    'heared arriss Aragorns stars coming me that diver any '\
                    'jounting from their lates was not his tops that they than '\
                    'I wondered the tide more persideting the North Strider '\
                    'and shir -crambling that had always were once in the '\
                    'wibling signich; there was shatestrenct-dimy the hobbits. '\
                    'Treat high days, ere time. Bo, sprang powarbber fivaud, '\
                    'Frodo. \\n'\
                    "'And hold in the east of whose they little with the once, "\
                    'though I were not live to than memory had fallen in the '\
                    'most anwaysing the great and it was sniffing up to, there '\
                    'were setting to him. \\n'\
                    "'Do you'd bess a brudhe Day Frodo may. 'Bet would you "\
                    'like the Shire. \\n'\
                    "'Yes ride you something with a quite mountains riting to "\
                    "know all else they had knows in no timl exce,' anlieved "\
                    'the Tol Bilbo is path. \\n'\
                    "\'92Boldur,' he exice well by begiand, as stood, and sorth, "\
                    'and since it is grew delected, and he had maving it: no '\
                    'one was so thoughts shit hap off other they were, as '\
                    'after the man seepived up the Hole ',\
               1.5: 'Sam. \\n'\
                    'We call me, and sucpecimy shist? Let ud brbank already '\
                    "Whittelive bratchess. Jusboutmy thene I never?' quesily "\
                    "thein gold by GomloVed. With kinghobgits ed. 'And suspect "\
                    "gay by NAzrids. Goming their giadd?' \\n"\
                    'It was unclisa the *in the quicky if they scaft, \\n'\
                    "The Ten thingshech.' He landed from wretchs, cando/ted wy "\
                    'woodship off? I rustany suarswayed againft unfortif and '\
                    'jussiblu-mictisiof. With Frodo knows mie; hes to. Bit, '\
                    "had were kepuremptomor lay on tistancavimitio.' led my' "\
                    "Banglecros, outsading lainunuly so. Git.' then wilkld, "\
                    'they aliard, croadly \\n'\
                    'aften us like. MI load blew, shekink. Hown-ceaces, and it '\
                    'hizs rip them excaking it in the nughe Vair its spike '\
                    'Andownening. It wrst have sang! I can reach f ag in '\
                    "keemencites, he glimpedered up. Cafor.' \\n"\
                    "D DereAcle kim hope; but him.' \\n"\
                    'Shadocernshay; pyew thers. evil afterants '\
                    'Hesellivible\'92-pee lie? When Biely if thrnein eecieco, but '\
                    'I cried IsilducTliE "Piver?\\' gat from ThoFtud; \\'vant, '\
                    'but as blan thinds. ECOKY Farrd. It wouch that '\},\
    'When ': \{   0.5: 'When he said to the large stone since they had been so '\
                      'that the old hobbits stray things that the out of the '\
                      'West of the Grey fell and bring it to the long again. \\n'\
                      "'But they should be a long spring that the lands of the "\
                      'land of the hill the ground the boots of the Hobbits '\
                      'should reports the old Boromir and his companions, the '\
                      'destroy of the the often Gollum was all that the elven '\
                      'shadow of the ground the air at the south, and the '\
                      "since of the Hobbits were long ago. 'I am already leave "\
                      'many mind in the Moon, and the open was sprang about '\
                      'his hobbits are the sent, and the others of the Wise. \\n'\
                      "'At then so that the Galadhoin and the food had been "\
                      'like a bardens of the hearts, and thought. I do not '\
                      'thought that the his of the half-ding and the west far '\
                      'away and the hobbits were marked and stood was not '\
                      'unseemed, and the silence of the hill they had pladed '\
                      'at the spring and of Bilbo was still go become him, '\
                      'since the turn again. \\n'\
                      'They said to the to be brought the first light, and the '\
                      'hobbits wer',\
                 1.0: "When as you live on theng still them. 'she held my seat "\
                      "would it.' \\n"\
                      'At linetions, the time, when by the wind. \\n'\
                      "There are ind elfermen of Frodo'd know it. Theselven "\
                      'the Thind s I be so smre the ring of the ebbut -then '\
                      'tasking to the Gandalf, and even him, as if hobbits, '\
                      'and at that been. \\n'\
                      '\'92And kismering on reness, held the Seith, or vatien of '\
                      'stoicuriel and the filler - was growing: \\n'\
                      'good about his words and else that are too. ney they '\
                      'gued never silver scort, had bet the oddecited the bent '\
                      'of peened; the dis absurdy, Bilbo tre! To Bilbo, or did '\
                      'not been me, we has its went, and 5 \\n'\
                      "'6 not kno moce alone weathered his been shining give. "\
                      "In that voile Bag End down the time,' he said to him go "\
                      'a suddenly exhemilie \\n'\
                      "'Calver, he was some of the proctior of the shade of "\
                      'rocked and bows. But they seems insilent belight. It '\
                      'was a spore, have on fearous things what ring, and bend '\
                      "it.' \\n"\
                      'Hobbits, and with a whild then the-procing to dake, '\
                      "Bilbo, and Carthate hobbits was one.' \\n"\
                      'From its bad to the Borde',\
                 1.5: "When Gagah-!' R vood,\'92 Elfrs theit.' \\n"\
                      "'Welr? Egesarddayin, sheech-eyes' sat Torist livitinss "\
                      "byhidnounckl; 'Froou Gildo Vwaged BoRbasing Highly-bott "\
                      'their bovmah has coelingtielffrots. BuNzI kindly '\
                      "'pited; Invendear abortenejustimy't go a-plefort "\
                      'evfrechsy! Its no eyea-y!\'92 \\n'\
                      "'Agak first eyten om Lar! \'92 Then Midajfurlive Tie all "\
                      "those would pets us Frodo',  he thrustling andwassquite "\
                      "rene; unleltyded his heils? crilzer zastencRued.' \\n"\
                      '\\'A, at times\\' he said, "My! Happiis?\\' Bilbo; gew '\
                      'thar,, add stile; \'92I have scallok malter; tooking M by '\
                      'Bri1k, Gredder,\'92Griling do now why madecting, noblited, '\
                      'and y heme at prhauted abeavow very sleel., \\n'\
                      "Gildc'Selso)ns bely. Then I was linedenly by inhoness "\
                      '(aractance shir Legion, rehceden!"2 \\'Non\\'t Bilbe '\
                      'those were ind\'aepresses, doojucilancishiratly. They were '\
                      'joughest Bwelk tenobly layed, even byest beenibbed, if '\
                      "they ary neered.' \\n"\
                      '\\'Jo9ion." \\n'\
                      "Galad!'. He doors late,' he aud to it.' \\n"\
                      "\'92Heysefly,' coilled pralbag,' hisdered! \\n"\
                      "Tike Frodo though you.' MrFopfface, ho"\}\}}