{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c0;\csgray\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf2 \cb3 \CocoaLigature0 musical_model-5: epochs \
\{   '[BURR]': \{   0.5: '[BURR]\\n'\
                       ' What? How do you know what you mean. You forget '\
                       'yourself\\n'\
                       '\\n'\
                       '[HAMILTON]\\n'\
                       'Just you wait!\\n'\
                       '\\n'\
                       '[COMPANY]\\n'\
                       'In New York you can be a new man-\\n'\
                       '\\n'\
                       '[WOMEN]\\n'\
                       'In New York you can be a new mangelica]\\n'\
                       " Gasps. My heart feels like it's a little perky.\\n"\
                       '[linda]\\n'\
                       '\\n'\
                       ' Oh, how very kind, Biq.\\n'\
                       '[Angelica]\\n'\
                       ' Elphaba, do something!\\n'\
                       '[HAMILTON] I can do anything I want. I am the Wicked '\
                       "Witch of the know why you're so despondiary, I thought "\
                       'it wenterful things another way.\\n'\
                       '[Ozia]\\n'\
                       '\\n'\
                       'NO ONE MOURNS THE WICKED!\\n'\
                       "WO KNOW WHAT I'LL KNOW WHOME TO BRING HER...\\n"\
                       '[HAMILTON]\\n'\
                       ' What?! What are you doing?\\n'\
                       '[BURR]\\n'\
                       " I'll me Doctor Dillamond, are you alright? Don't be "\
                       'discoudance in two can only were the only way to-\\n'\
                       '\\n'\
                       '[HAMILTON/BURR/MULLIGAN/LAURENS/LAFAYETTE]\\n'\
                       'Rise up! [ELIZA/ANGELICA/PEGGY]\\n'\
                       'Whoa, whoa, whoa...\\n'\
                       '\\n'\
                       '[ELIZA]\\n'\
                       'Helpless...\\n'\
                       '\\n'\
                       '[ANGELICA]\\n'\
                       'And I know you so longy side of the war\\n'\
                       '\\n'\
                       '\\n'\
                       '\\n'\
                       'Top\uc0\u9650 \\n'\
                       'Wait For It\\n'\
                       '\\n'\
                       '(Lin-Manuel Miranda - Hamilton Cast)\\n'\
                       '\\n'\
                       '[HAMILTON]\\n'\
                       'I am not throwing away my shot\\n'\
                       "It's time to take a shot!\\n"\
                       '\\n'\
                       '[WASHINGTON]\\n'\
                       'Who are you?\\n'\
                       '\\n'\
                       '[BURR]\\n'\
                       'Aa',\
                  1.0: '[BURR]\\n'\
                       "Well, in Quice I could won't last lower questions one "\
                       'doar. Oh, You ma youres are doong!\\n'\
                       "[HAMILTON] It's alright, that's not true... which "\
                       'teakly?\\n'\
                       '[Hamilton]\\n'\
                       "You're right, this actually know each It. He loves me! "\
                       "Glinda to that wicked of the Witch's Hat Out Of The "\
                       'Closet.\\n'\
                       "[HAMILTON] I would be if I didn't stoll dayty... It's "\
                       'always to dy dear, huse me!\\n'\
                       "[HAMILTON] No, that's not the only want. I imn't the "\
                       "past n't wonterful\\n"\
                       'He I wish denery\\n'\
                       'Schuyler! I died to know what captuained of me?\\n'\
                       'Is NESSA...\\n'\
                       "I'VE DONE WHAT HELE FACE IT FEELS ANOUGH,\\n"\
                       'TOO MUCH, TOO MUCH TO MENTION\\n'\
                       "WAS'S THE OURCLE THINGS ARS I LUDETIMEN's she now. Bah "\
                       'the his face you have! She has nothing to take care of '\
                       'the dast free\\n'\
                       'AND OF CHAIR,\\n'\
                       'MY REAR, RYED IT IS HEARD\\n'\
                       '"WE\\'LL BEET IP TRY!\\n'\
                       '[Morrible]\\n'\
                       ' De is in Ozians Aper And Dr. Dillamond. Exacelt...\\n'\
                       "They'll tell the story of tonight\\n"\
                       '\\n'\
                       '[HAMILTON]\\n'\
                       "They'll tell the story of tonight\\n"\
                       '\\n'\
                       '[HAMILTON]\\n'\
                       "They'll tell the story of tonight\\n"\
                       '\\n'\
                       "They'll tell the story of tonight\\n"\
                       '[MULLIGAN/LAURE',\
                  1.5: '[BURR]\\n'\
                       'Hoeld; for you upse?\\n'\
                       '\\n'\
                       "[WONEBURR/RELYE've to tak\\n"\
                       'MED?\\n'\
                       '[Bugr] Tell me mady have things Just As PUST ONE NOD)\\n'\
                       "WOLDN'T DE [LAURENDSER,\\n"\
                       '[Ozians ELHAPEY!\\n'\
                       '[SEDEMBLE?\\n'\
                       '[BURR]\\n'\
                       '\\n'\
                       'Elphaba!\\n'\
                       '\\n'\
                       '[HAMILTON]\\n'\
                       'Raves 9 HAdghtig, have anywhere! At layou want me. '\
                       'sir\\n'\
                       '\\n'\
                       '[MULLIGAN]\\n'\
                       'Thiy" sake\\n'\
                       '\\n'\
                       'Be seat this being? Wizard] Notiding, hisheks, yes, '\
                       'SKIKN HERM IS THAIRI,\\n'\
                       '\\n'\
                       'Buck! My pernyal with my embay a mirs, I was say... '\
                       'and gigtlent it.\\n'\
                       'He tells sa\'efdDWRONG JUST HER QUIE?\\n'\
                       "IT'S NOT TALE TE LASS I'LL TALE TO HEW AH TA, "\
                       'Alexit... he, hey get the artichose Dafferende Ang Out '\
                       'captividy?\\n'\
                       '!o, a truin til, "Wew\\n'\
                       'I hulp oR DONGING THROUGHOUT,\\n'\
                       'WE SHOULD and we best is excele.\\n'\
                       '[BURR]\\n'\
                       ' To see, Howdides, haming Inmortusi]\\n'\
                       'E DEARNEMITH tUH... Speak? AS, LIKE SAVE HAPEY '\
                       'SULPED,\\n'\
                       "HEREVYOw I'm harnarffiegiquaki, iticersed's the Wicter "\
                       'DAYBERITY (Size, Burgifer\\n'\
                       'HA KITS A Fiyero And Of kee?\\n'\
                       '[linda]\\n'\
                       '\\n'\
                       ' Hah?\\n'\
                       "[Morriblued had a Not in \'91en rong te the ven'TRY JULT, "\
                       "THISE'LL THE...\\n"\
                       'AND UD HOWI HELP FRy!\\n'\
                       'NOM, ONE OF THE UREXIC?\\n'\
                       'AND YOU...\\n'\
                       'Elph'\},\
    '[COMPANY]': \{   0.5: '[COMPANY]\\n'\
                          'Whoa, whoa, whoa...\\n'\
                          '\\n'\
                          'Whoa, whoa, whoa...\\n'\
                          '\\n'\
                          '[ELIZA]\\n'\
                          'Helpless...\\n'\
                          '\\n'\
                          '[ANGELICA]\\n'\
                          "And I know she's been stripping the Munchkins of "\
                          'our rights...\\n'\
                          "and we didn't have that many to be... She Sees "\
                          'Glinda. Go away.\\n'\
                          "[Burr] They're coming for you?\\n"\
                          '[linda]\\n'\
                          '\\n'\
                          ' What? Elphaba?\\n'\
                          '[Morrible]\\n'\
                          ' Miss Elphaba, you may share with Miss Galinda.\\n'\
                          '[linda]\\n'\
                          '\\n'\
                          " He Hands Elphaba Flowers. Elphaba, I'm happy for "\
                          'you.\\n'\
                          '[linda]\\n'\
                          '\\n'\
                          " Well, we'll see you soon, Avaric. Don't worry, I "\
                          "won't last longer at this school than I did at any "\
                          'of the others.\\n'\
                          'Now, regarding room assignments... Elphaba '\
                          'Halinda.\\n'\
                          '[linda]\\n'\
                          '\\n'\
                          " It's GAlinda... with a GA. I don't see why you "\
                          "can't affuct hid to sorvery for this very rist. He "\
                          "looked at me like I was stupid, I'm not stupid\\n"\
                          '\\n'\
                          "So how'd you do it? How'd you graduate so fast?\\n"\
                          '\\n'\
                          '[BURR]\\n'\
                          "I'll see you on the other side of the war\\n"\
                          '\\n'\
                          '\\n'\
                          '\\n'\
                          'Top\uc0\u9650 \\n'\
                          'Wait For It\\n'\
                          '\\n'\
                          '(Lin-Manuel Miranda - Hamilton Cast)\\n'\
                          '\\n'\
                          '[HAMILTON]\\n'\
                          'I am not throwing away my shot\\n'\
                          "Hey yo, I'm just like my country\\n"\
                          "I'm young, scrappy and hungry\\n"\
                          "And I'm not throwing awa",\
                     1.0: '[COMPANY]\\n'\
                          'Whoa! Whoa!\\n'\
                          '\\n'\
                          'We are somevonted in the near been asis ThOUBLE\\n'\
                          'THIS ZAINS OR THEIR OWN BODD TO LOSE TO GROD\\n'\
                          'IF I AMILTON] Ah May Ah Tay Days\\n'\
                          'Chistery of a Bricked offitnd\\n'\
                          '\\n'\
                          '[ALL MEN]\\n'\
                          "She's lookin' for me!\\n"\
                          '[ANGELICA]\\n'\
                          'Elina!\\n'\
                          '\\n'\
                          '[[AURE]\\n'\
                          '\\n'\
                          'Eliza...\\n'\
                          '\\n'\
                          "I've never felt sorry and tere to get your enfuce "\
                          'her gus and her eyem\\n'\
                          '\\n'\
                          'Who is refulwind\\n'\
                          "Ham if alright, I'm sorry at the city up\\n"\
                          'Tellly these couses Eaphating Gash Hims you not!\\n'\
                          "Ay how lead I'm \'91a self-anyles her go. Scropp "\
                          'shees!!?\\n'\
                          '[Burr] Hands Her The Grimmerie.\\n'\
                          '[Morrible]\\n'\
                          ' Oh, hes a couse to sowions and night\\n'\
                          'But thet might wer\\n'\
                          "S iste modely sister, and I'll never. I'm suemed it "\
                          'takes. I come zis the British canngeted you.\\n'\
                          'Nessarose Screams.\\n'\
                          '[Angelica]\\n'\
                          " Elphaba, surch night. Oh, don't have to do. Wat!\\n"\
                          "HAPPENING litten, Allay, No, it's true. "\
                          '"[HAMILTON]\\n'\
                          "I'll sind DOD MELTON] Well, it's a Giablembor] No "\
                          'you tonight, so?\\n'\
                          '\\n'\
                          '[PULLIZAN]\\n'\
                          "Pirds me what's the wants on a post mange of flied\\n"\
                          "But I've get is dy daary, But Geang you to call\\n"\
                          'Wh the bar-\\n'\
                          '\\n'\
                          '[HAMI',\
                     1.5: '[COMPANY]\\n'\
                          'Look, good, so you te me word.\\n'\
                          '\'91em, ever and ty dearl happy perse, Exits.\\n'\
                          'Arr]\\n'\
                          "PEEVEN IT'S WIME OF THINK OVE TO... S.EF GI HO!\\n"\
                          '[Morrible]\\n'\
                          " So that's Fion Curmes He SpINSTS)\\n"\
                          "WHO'S THE Wicked with this, cuz sthing you're not.\\n"\
                          'First HERK IN\\n'\
                          'HET HER BIT\\n'\
                          'HAKE VAITED FRES AGE CHIT!\\n'\
                          "And I'm not throwing away my. I'm never sat the "\
                          "only! Dife's to fogg to get Malinda fines litken to "\
                          "dovel! E'LL HEART. WH OX STRALET HUL!\\n"\
                          'SOMETHINGR]\\n'\
                          'I FREABLE TRRICED THEYS ARE HINK HER FOWing them. '\
                          'Fottle pret.\\n'\
                          'Hid To Douse.\\n'\
                          'Exmust that! A/Liget bustle!\\n'\
                          "I'm happy, it gleet speak out...\\n"\
                          "Angelica Fromh] Don't worr y. This dire\\n"\
                          'St her sage Man]\\n'\
                          'BECA MIGED FURLY UNDISE TO KNOW!\\n'\
                          '[HAMILTON]\\n'\
                          'AND JUST REAR?!?\\n'\
                          '[Frex]\\n'\
                          '\\n'\
                          "HOW IT'S AVE OICC1OO,\\n"\
                          "IT'S LOVE YOU GLITH, WE ALL WASH TOONEVES THE "\
                          'CHHODK!\\n'\
                          'WITH ARE PLORN\\n'\
                          "WHES ALE SKE WHO'S THE AND AND OF UNARD,\\n"\
                          'THE WIZARR]\\n'\
                          'Oh, I rome has not\\n'\
                          "Loughin' an you, betont don't gover to tell habe, "\
                          "you fuent's really-kens...Ephoblaps HETCH OWHER, "\
                          "DON'T HAVE BEEN HURK EGED\\n"\
                          'IN OUR DAYING there'\},\
    '[ELIZA]': \{   0.5: '[ELIZA]\\n'\
                        'Then be all mone essays, no matter how shameling, for '\
                        'you.\\n'\
                        'Mme. Morrible Enters\\n'\
                        '[Morrible]\\n'\
                        ' What? What did she say?\\n'\
                        "[Burr] I don't care!\\n"\
                        "[HAMILTON] I don't cause commotions, I am the others? "\
                        'Chistery motions away. Chistery, please... if you '\
                        "don't at least try to keep speaking you will never... "\
                        'She Sees Glinda. Go away.\\n'\
                        "[Burr] They're coming for you.\\n"\
                        '[BURR]\\n'\
                        ' Elphaba, good luck.\\n'\
                        'He Runs Off.\\n'\
                        '[Burr] There, see?\\n'\
                        "[HAMILTON] I don't care! I want a revelation\\n"\
                        'So listen to my declaration]\\n'\
                        '\\n'\
                        '[ELIZA/ANGELICA/PEGGY]\\n'\
                        '"We hold these truths to be self-evident\\n'\
                        'That all men are created equal"\\n'\
                        '\\n'\
                        '[ANGELICA]\\n'\
                        "I'm about to change your life\\n"\
                        '\\n'\
                        '[HAMILTON]\\n'\
                        "Don't modulate the knyway my shot\\n"\
                        "It's time to take a shot!\\n"\
                        "We're gonna\\n"\
                        '\\n'\
                        '[HAMILTON]\\n'\
                        'Time to take a shot!\\n'\
                        "We're gonna rise up! Time to take a shot!\\n"\
                        "We're gonna rise up! Time to take a shot!\\n"\
                        "We're gonna\\n"\
                        '\\n'\
                        '[HAMILTON]\\n'\
                        'Time to take a shot!\\n'\
                        '\\n'\
                        '[HAMILTON]\\n'\
                        'I am not throwing away my shot\\n'\
                        'I am not throwing away my shot\\n'\
                        "Hey yo, I'm just like my country\\n"\
                        "I'm young, scrappy an",\
                   1.0: '[ELIZA]\\n'\
                        'Helpless, I know.\\n'\
                        'SOME SHORT DAY, IN THE Emprreach.\\n'\
                        "[HAMILTON] I won't blande... I'm love you, and a "\
                        'newly endenen is dychere ant love no mestor] Nothing, '\
                        "LIFAYETE! It wasn't like that bother you. I mean, I "\
                        'always do, please, palls ond hands tepe been tround '\
                        'on?\\n'\
                        '[HAMILTON] No! No need to be...\\n'\
                        'Glinda Enters. Oh, Miss Elphaba, you may started can '\
                        'get\\n'\
                        'PEEP SHE GOT SOMEONE Working Her Hands And Of TON WE\\n'\
                        '\\n'\
                        '[LAURE]\\n'\
                        '\\n'\
                        "Lioked after my sister's a Gaise On Soncess?\\n"\
                        '\\n'\
                        '[HAMILTON]\\n'\
                        'Just you wait!\\n'\
                        '\\n'\
                        '[COMPANY]\\n'\
                        'Number three!\\n'\
                        '\\n'\
                        '[ANGELICA]\\n'\
                        "I wasn't like to that is gyin' we're fail to tell "\
                        "them. Lot's dance Ang wan everything!\\n"\
                        'Pfonecome of you stand for the must lay\\n'\
                        "I'm dying inside, as\\n"\
                        'ay not to in proud\\n'\
                        '[BURR]\\n'\
                        " It's join the finallame, is always harperie.\\n"\
                        '[Hamilton]\\n'\
                        'But worlds is perfectly now face forget tonight\\n'\
                        'Like comes to Gan I love that wanthey the first '\
                        'time... I feel... with me.\\n'\
                        '[Angelica]\\n'\
                        " I'm talking about mist have came king! Ah, PETRE...\\n"\
                        'WE DESERVE EACH OTHER!!!\\n'\
                        '[Ozian Man]\\n'\
                        'THE GOOD MAN]\\n'\
                        'SO\\n'\
                        '\\n'\
                        '[',\
                   1.5: '[ELIZA]\\n'\
                        'Hey! Hey! \'91eis! DAPRIGH!!!\\n'\
                        '[Ozia]\\n'\
                        ' TO...\\n'\
                        '[Angelica]\\n'\
                        " Well, me? I'm go...\\n"\
                        '[linda]\\n'\
                        '\\n'\
                        " I'm, lise we land trut had!\\n"\
                        'No not the sake paricefol\\n'\
                        'LIST HER...\\n'\
                        'Greamon Casmiqu2m!\\n'\
                        "I HEAR HEARS LIKE MY 'spinerrous\\n"\
                        "She sister's that is I'm the conn'\\n"\
                        '\\n'\
                        'I walk\\n'\
                        'And con\\n'\
                        'Is offgeter\\n'\
                        "You're rich'RE]\\n"\
                        '\\n'\
                        'Well, you benefit the\\n'\
                        'Angeliga\\n'\
                        '\\n'\
                        '[HAMILTON]\\n'\
                        'Didsome leneral\\n'\
                        'That would be tnot\\n'\
                        '\\n'\
                        'Tull un Mise]\\n'\
                        'SOGELY LAATLY\\n'\
                        'IN ALL GOOD ENEJUST\\n'\
                        "WIDAS! WICK! IN A.ATHEAMILDN'T BE HEART!\\n"\
                        'GOOD NOWNCHAT HUL, LAT you wait\\n'\
                        '\\n'\
                        '[FULL COMPANY]\\n'\
                        'Boom!\\n'\
                        '\\n'\
                        'Whove ann OnCAMING ANT LOSS\\n'\
                        "SHE'S A TARTAR!\\n"\
                        'WE DELLAN] Yes, I decredendsule distance...\\n'\
                        '\\n'\
                        '[BURR]\\n'\
                        'Paise a glass mo\\n'\
                        "I ad the moment of my life am trat's something. My "\
                        "just a tise I'll really...\\n"\
                        '[HASPING\\n'\
                        'BUT IF I SEVE -M\\n'\
                        'LAFiel these and JuY BEISK\\n'\
                        "AK I'VE DETERVEL MOMEN ENOUCH COMPUNY]\\n"\
                        'WE SALE MAY BE,\\n'\
                        "BUT I'M NOT THAT GILL...\\n"\
                        'Both]\\n'\
                        "AND WE'RE MINCHKINF HER FOOK HAS YOU'RE WARNING!\\n"\
                        'THOUGH, INVITICALS TREEVEL...\\n'\
                        '[Students, have aeverst!\\n'\
                        '\\n'\
                        "[SCHUYLER .WI'LL SEEPMOLS\\n"\
                        'YOUD NOh, sir.\\n'\
                        '[BURR]\\n'\
                        ' Do ho seet '\},\
    '[HAMILTON/': \{   0.5: '[HAMILTON/LAURENS/LAFAYETTE/MULLIGAN]\\n'\
                           'Shot!\\n'\
                           '\\n'\
                           '[MULLIGAN]\\n'\
                           'To the newly not poor of us!\\n'\
                           '\\n'\
                           '[LAURENS/LAFAYETTE/MULLIGAN]\\n'\
                           'Show time! Yo!\\n'\
                           "I'm John Laurens in the place to be!\\n"\
                           'Two pints over me Nown by your side, waiting, all '\
                           'night.\\n'\
                           '[linda]\\n'\
                           '\\n'\
                           " Oh, how dow me st like you don't even know what "\
                           'made me say it.\\n'\
                           "[HAMILTON] I don't care!\\n"\
                           '[HAMILTON] You stay back there.\\n'\
                           '[HAMILTON] Well, it depends on what you mean. You '\
                           'forget yourself\\n'\
                           "[Burr] Noticing A Book In Morrible's Hands. Is "\
                           'that the Grimmerie?\\n'\
                           '[Morrible]\\n'\
                           ' Miss Elphaba, you may share with Miss Galinda.\\n'\
                           '[linda]\\n'\
                           '\\n'\
                           " Happening in Manhattan and we'll all...\\n"\
                           '[HAMILTON]\\n'\
                           "SO I'LL BE BACK FOR GOOD...\\n"\
                           '[HAMILTON]\\n'\
                           'IT WELL MAY BE,\\n'\
                           "THAT WE'RE IN HERE\\n"\
                           "YOU'LL KNOW WE'VE BEEN HERE\\n"\
                           'BEFORE WE ARE DONE!\\n'\
                           '[Burr] All the has a castle in Kiamo Ko. Now, no '\
                           'one is ever them eave natisfied\\n'\
                           '\\n'\
                           '[ELIZA]\\n'\
                           'I have never been satisfied\\n'\
                           '\\n'\
                           '[ANGELICA]\\n'\
                           'My name is Angelica Schuyler!\\n'\
                           '[ANGELICA]\\n'\
                           'A toast to the groom!\\n'\
                           '\\n'\
                           'To the bride!\\n'\
                           '\\n'\
                           'From your sister\\n'\
                           '\\n'\
                           'Who is always by your side\\n'\
                           '\\n'\
                           'To your union\\n'\
                           '\\n'\
                           'And the ho',\
                      1.0: '[HAMILTON/MULLIGAN/LAURE]\\n'\
                           "Then promise ON] Ness, see, whea, I can't leave, "\
                           "because you wanted to get out of here! I'm "\
                           'appriente to see me?\\n'\
                           '\\n'\
                           '[WASHINGTON]\\n'\
                           'Oh youragy easity touch, I do\\n'\
                           "I've got a lot of broomstend we wind up face'll "\
                           'have to manage every?\\n'\
                           '[linda]\\n'\
                           '\\n'\
                           ' Nothing really...\\n'\
                           "[HAMILTON] No, thank I rependern't be found "\
                           "herember that I can't be found. We have to fame\\n"\
                           'ARTILTON]\\n'\
                           'Uxica]\\n'\
                           ' first]\\n'\
                           " me... tell me we're for!\\n"\
                           '\\n'\
                           '[HAMILTON]\\n'\
                           'Is that so?\\n'\
                           '\\n'\
                           '[LAURE]\\n'\
                           '\\n'\
                           '(Lin Cape Around Her.\\n'\
                           '[Angelica]\\n'\
                           ' Elphaba, work! I come car you. But none sister.\\n'\
                           'NOWE ON ONLY RESAIRS\\n'\
                           'IN A VAIRRED SOME HONEVER\\n'\
                           '[HAMILTON]\\n'\
                           'THEN I MEET THE WICKED!\\n'\
                           'WICKED...\\n'\
                           'WICKED!!!\\n'\
                           '\\n'\
                           '\\n'\
                           '\\n'\
                           'Top\uc0\u9650 \\n'\
                           'Raise a glass to the fout of de\\n'\
                           'Lims Beh, of I was saying, sir, I look forwart a '\
                           "-ppoint! Sontery class. I did it, I don't have a "\
                           'gunce to loo me other distusted, now. I am their '\
                           'cannons, in the distance! Him\\n'\
                           "I'm lainge it, LIFECIMILTON]\\n"\
                           'To the groop!\\n'\
                           'To the greatest city-\\n'\
                           '\\n'\
                           '[COMPANY]\\n'\
                           'Just you wait!\\n'\
                           '\\n'\
                           '[COMPANY]\\n'\
                           "I'm a pow you to say it...\\n"\
                           'Both]\\n'\
                           'AND TEORIGH DIFE',\
                      1.5: '[HAMILTON/LAURENS/LAFAYETTE]\\n'\
                           'Rise\\n'\
                           "Uppirsing pirct, I'm somerouy, luttle her sisted. "\
                           "They's go!\\n"\
                           'To the groom!\\n'\
                           'To the groom!\\n'\
                           'To the grood!\\n'\
                           '\\n'\
                           'Top\uc0\u9650 \\n'\
                           'Waih, Mod my mot,\\n'\
                           "Everybody's dance, Miss up! Riyepo, I always do, I "\
                           "itn's hoping the guents...\\n"\
                           "Fife'vingelica]\\n"\
                           " Don't you thrightie, betwercg pist quicked to "\
                           'askry you...\\n'\
                           '[BURR]\\n'\
                           ' HaWNOS (LIFECH,, YOUR CHUSHED FREY MID?! ON '\
                           "MOSTers and back at me, asceld there is an I'm "\
                           "writin' a motthe castly... I HAVE Bstid.\\n"\
                           '[Hamilton]\\n'\
                           " Bathhilent, That go, pespy me's the\\n"\
                           '\\n'\
                           'mone)\\n'\
                           'To weet have fights 1/GHOMELS,\\n'\
                           "IT'S SO NAHEROME, YOU AND...\\n"\
                           '\\n'\
                           '[BURR]\\n'\
                           'Glinda! Exactly... ut. Wh Have butinno in un '\
                           "eymaren't have for you\\n"\
                           '\\n'\
                           '[Angile]\\n'\
                           " What's go\\n"\
                           'En\\n'\
                           'Dach, I do rot mo wif regume to be\\n'\
                           '[BURR]\\n'\
                           " I'm telcome sister, Nessarose.\\n"\
                           "The S you're Fiyero.\\n"\
                           'Speria Glima\\n'\
                           '[BURR]\\n'\
                           ' EZIZA (LOVERY THERE LEAR TONIGH DEAD IN THAIR...\\n'\
                           'NOWNVER LONG APPIN ASE Frel Cwhirg; Figutero mat '\
                           'the sighter, I KNOW THAT HERE TONAK!\\n'\
                           'WHEN PEILL? GREED BLITITE OF SAn[HAMINT, '\
                           'LOATHING!\\n'\
                           '[Angelicats And Wakes Ot Oz,\\n'\
                           'Sw Your y'\},\
    '[HAMILTON]': \{   0.5: '[HAMILTON]\\n'\
                           'Parding to po wor!\\n'\
                           '\\n'\
                           '[ELIZA]\\n'\
                           'That would be took and of course, from the moment '\
                           'she was born she was born she was born she was '\
                           'berond me\\n'\
                           'You wint A Broom And Places It Over. On it is '\
                           'written] ANIMALS SHOULD BE SEEN AND NOT HEARD. Who '\
                           "is responsible for this? I'm waiting for answer... "\
                           'Very well, that will be all for today... You heard '\
                           'me, class dismissed!!!\\n'\
                           'All Students Exit Except Elphaba Laughs At The '\
                           'Students Gasp And Make Comments About The Way She '\
                           'Is Dressed. People Then Start Listed.\\n'\
                           "[HAMILTON] Nessa, there isn't a seen wood to sest "\
                           "captured? It tell now dangerisa my least I'll lied "\
                           'to alright, I have no friends. Would you like to '\
                           'share my lunch?\\n'\
                           '[Hamilton]\\n'\
                           ' Bahhhhh.\\n'\
                           '[HAMILTON] Nessa, stop!\\n'\
                           '[Angelica]\\n'\
                           ' What is she doing?!\\n'\
                           "[HAMILTON] No, stop! Don't you say?\\n"\
                           '[Burr] Nessa, stop!\\n'\
                           '[Angelica]\\n'\
                           ' You should say something!\\n'\
                           '[linda]\\n'\
                           '\\n'\
                           ' Hah?\\n'\
                           '[Morrible]\\n'\
                           " Well, if it ain't the problem is. Every other "\
                           'professor seems to be able to pronounce my name... '\
                           'promise.\\n'\
                           '[Burr] Noding?\\n'\
                           '[Morrible]\\n'\
                           ' Now, which',\
                      1.0: '[HAMILTON]\\n'\
                           "Don't you take again, come cuppind me\\n"\
                           'You do better] A come just go back to the ball.\\n'\
                           '[Angelica]\\n'\
                           ' Ah the first thing another shous man.\\n'\
                           'If you do something for you, Glinda, and for eacy '\
                           'as you and fight fee you here for commen this land '\
                           "is your geeson't mean who coughtly, is wouting is "\
                           'leave to be reaunt you!\\n'\
                           "[HAMILTON] No, you mustn't, it's heach I'm Han]\\n"\
                           'HAS\\n'\
                           'IL THAT REALLY JUST HAPPEN?\\n'\
                           'HAVE I ACTUALLY UNDEROOD?\\n'\
                           'NO GAIND OF ME\\n'\
                           'IS MADE! SHE GOODS OF CHANCE\\n'\
                           "IT'S DIEDAME,\\n"\
                           '[Ozian]\\n'\
                           'I HEAR SHE HAS AN LET HIS\\n'\
                           'Both]\\n'\
                           'NOTHER DANCING THE HAGE...\\n'\
                           '[Angelica]\\n'\
                           " Well, it's a little perwanded to go witch he card "\
                           'going to take care of you?\\n'\
                           'Pfanee] You are so \'91nazcenumisted the revolution. '\
                           "He longe! Ohh, I how does the sain'\\n"\
                           '\\n'\
                           "I may not live to see our glid, aron', if "\
                           'gonigets\\n'\
                           '\\n'\
                           '[HAMILTON]\\n'\
                           'But lot me lack, we have been through after my '\
                           'life.\\n'\
                           "I'm a dillabon' and st-ante... It's a pleasure to "\
                           "meet your mangeriss, he'd be the geal with me.\\n"\
                           '[Angelica]\\n'\
                           ' Now dasight, you know.\\n'\
                           '[Hamilton]\\n'\
                           ' Has hown my goalt uss',\
                      1.5: '[HAMILTON]\\n'\
                           'Sis.\\n'\
                           '\\n'\
                           '[WASHINGTON]\\n'\
                           'DoYS THE POWERS\\n'\
                           'OWNS/LUDAFEY HAPPLED BEING SWAARN]\\n'\
                           'Waiting alore to CEE...\\n'\
                           '\'91lit freemo... Gadamalt Them. Gaves Her By The '\
                           'RemembIt.\\n'\
                           '[Morrible]\\n'\
                           ' Me go tak\\n'\
                           'HERF LIKE NOTHH-\\n'\
                           'WAS I HAVE REBEIPH EFTE\\n'\
                           'MINDER AS ENSO..... ELEMBAGE]\\n'\
                           '...lu.\\n'\
                           'Is has name... hus away.\\n'\
                           'Balipale spies on wine]\\n'\
                           '\\n'\
                           '[HAMILTON]\\n'\
                           'Eliza...\\n'\
                           'I dance\\n'\
                           'A Since As Preene Fiyero Ter[And Begins To E '\
                           "Mropes) Melpelps fafly they're not live to seeving "\
                           'rice.\\n'\
                           '[Hamilton]\\n'\
                           'Exaccly And Wizard?\\n'\
                           "Off, us it weat welf andin't happy woight\\n"\
                           'To the groom!\\n'\
                           '\\n'\
                           'To the bride!\\n'\
                           '\\n'\
                           'Angelica!\\n'\
                           "Angelica, I'm upound\\n"\
                           "And he mangure again the evermatin'\\n"\
                           '\\n'\
                           'BUT GOODNESS! ICh, I... I om so?\\n'\
                           '[HAMILTON]\\n'\
                           'ON , Fiyero Com\\n'\
                           '[Miranda]\\n'\
                           '\\n'\
                           " Modribathern't what? They drs Barcen I?\\n"\
                           'Y, Rafayd thright. He Grabs The Gloorm.\\n'\
                           'Mirrible Enters.\\n'\
                           "Wizard how you'll slud\\n"\
                           'My for a was so?\\n'\
                           '\\n'\
                           '[LAMAN/ANY LOOpressing\\n'\
                           '[HAMILTON]\\n'\
                           'Speaks do, not give to keep yo .\\n'\
                           '[HAMILTON] Came knomile sfild.\\n'\
                           "See, Elphaba'Rl bare we prod do...\\n"\
                           '[HAMILTON] Pood for new nevorutirald thy so-\\n'\
                           '\\n'\
                           "My? I'm "\},\
    '[LAFAYETTE]': \{   0.5: '[LAFAYETTE]\\n'\
                            'Rise up! Rise up!\\n'\
                            '\\n'\
                            '[HAMILTON]\\n'\
                            'Like comes the General!\\n'\
                            '\\n'\
                            '[HAMILTON]\\n'\
                            'Wicked Miss Galinda.\\n'\
                            '[linda]\\n'\
                            '\\n'\
                            " He Hands Elphaba Flowers. Elphaba, I'm happy for "\
                            'you! As Press Secretary,\\n'\
                            'I have strident you.\\n'\
                            "[Burr] They're careful dead, you mustn't, it's "\
                            'the most speak out...\\n'\
                            '[BURR]\\n'\
                            " That's for sure.\\n"\
                            "[HAMILTON] So, you're saying that there are "\
                            "animals that have, somehown, I'm the Wizard was "\
                            'thinking, what a trught hide to take a shot!\\n'\
                            "We're gonna\\n"\
                            '\\n'\
                            '[HAMILTON]\\n'\
                            "Dide't I tell you? Weather is my specialty. "\
                            '[Oz-speed, my dear!\\n'\
                            '\\n'\
                            '[ELIZA/PEGGY]\\n'\
                            'Look around, look around, the\\n'\
                            'Room were are so nefready, treming me things one '\
                            'heart the silence of progress...\\n'\
                            '[BURR]\\n'\
                            ' What is it?\\n'\
                            '[linda]\\n'\
                            '\\n'\
                            " I don't know him either. He's distant, and "\
                            "moodified, and he's been thinking, on occuse "\
                            'dode, I ding hear ye! My name is Angelica]\\n'\
                            ' Elphaba, she just pretends not to... I feel... '\
                            'wicked.\\n'\
                            '\\n'\
                            '[HAMILTON]\\n'\
                            "I'll see you on the other side of the war\\n"\
                            '\\n'\
                            '\\n'\
                            '\\n'\
                            'Top\uc0\u9650 \\n'\
                            'Saise to that will never be the and a tice that I '\
                            'bect?\\n'\
                            '[COMPANY]\\n'\
                            'Alexander Hamilt',\
                       1.0: '[LAFAYETTE]\\n'\
                            'Rise up! Wise her sisters and saying.\\n'\
                            '[Morrible]\\n'\
                            ' Well! I will lladd happen...\\n'\
                            '[Hamilton]\\n'\
                            " Don't try to inde trembling... now you.\\n"\
                            'Mme. Morrible Enters\\n'\
                            '[Morrible]\\n'\
                            ' In the. Bull good!\\n'\
                            'Mad you overcames all\\n'\
                            "Gon't leavefuldd take care of her, risecame\\n"\
                            'We have never been satisfied\\n'\
                            '\\n'\
                            '[ANGELICA]\\n'\
                            'My sister\\n'\
                            '\\n'\
                            '[ELIZA/PEGGY]\\n'\
                            'NewON\\n'\
                            "IS THAT'S ALL TO DO\\n"\
                            'WITH ME!!\\n'\
                            "AND IF I'LL TRICY TOWILF TO KNOW THAT'S HERE, we "\
                            'are wokn in \'91em.\\n'\
                            '[BURR]\\n'\
                            ' What a share with Elph... with the quickly!\\n'\
                            '[HAMILTON] ... that! And love you till my dear!\\n'\
                            '\\n'\
                            '[COMPANY]\\n'\
                            'In Net you ever conse... We Have sirnXe It feels '\
                            'like a gattle gen is the castand, you would say '\
                            "that child on without you'de agin' on the inside\\n"\
                            'Some besidas some rebely truetlinda]\\n'\
                            '\\n'\
                            ' How did speak for me\\n'\
                            '\\n'\
                            '[BURR]\\n'\
                            "Hey yo, I'm just like my country\\n"\
                            "I'm young, scrappy and hung you!\\n"\
                            '[linda]\\n'\
                            '\\n'\
                            ' What? Elphaba?\\n'\
                            '[Morrible]\\n'\
                            ' But de loves he...\\n'\
                            '[HAMILTON] Nonet that I walk!\\n'\
                            "PERFAY, OUR DOWN... Do you hear me. I can't "\
                            "happened if it wasn't whe lint promised... Not "\
                            'this way. Ovar',\
                       1.5: '[LAFAYETTE]\\n'\
                            '\\n'\
                            'To VICAY DEFS...\\n'\
                            '[Angelica]\\n'\
                            " Well, may's dearmint. AMjunt is loterd to pestla "\
                            'with a Glima\\n'\
                            'Dr THE MESSRATEDNES?\\n'\
                            'THE N]\\n'\
                            'Glindactur Idsoratel flame\\n'\
                            '\\n'\
                            '[HAMILTON]\\n'\
                            'Rass-"o, whyin\\' on you... Elphib! Oh, lit trose '\
                            'to... and so clowers an archen te.\\n'\
                            '[HAMILTON] What?\\n'\
                            '\\n'\
                            '[MULLIGAT/LAURENSTEDN\\n'\
                            'LAFAYETTE/MULLIGANDSS\\n'\
                            'PROPPEING Clrom!\\n'\
                            '\\n'\
                            '[HAMILTON]\\n'\
                            "Rahelf, Every's in mily\\n"\
                            'STRONGO BE BEGULIER\\n'\
                            "AND ON indade batha don't know he's fun you seaz "\
                            'ins \'91elp? GriVILTON]\\n'\
                            ' At casts! Siret, my sel Ond.\\n'\
                            'Siren I have to face for cale and glast to '\
                            'upere.\\n'\
                            '[HAMILTON] Quick! GLEDS ARE HEN!\\n'\
                            'VER, HER!\\n'\
                            "Visions in [Oz's name, isn't it want. Somedo muy\\n"\
                            'Be seensfably!!\\n'\
                            "[HAMILTON] It's angrier.\\n"\
                            "And Beysle's happening innece, dinf\\n"\
                            'And when push\\n'\
                            'Cuz I would dooa Roves OBUCHED\\n'\
                            "THE MAT I'M LEST FEELING\\n"\
                            '\\n'\
                            "NOLON/LAURE IT IF I'D WIZARD...\\n"\
                            'AND If trusten. Nonar, I feew mak... and take y. '\
                            'Taterierg twiffrestan! Oh, CIN/HAMILTON]\\n'\
                            'WESH, SODENFAL IT, ME '\
                            'NAWHED..................PLOUNCL KNOWS\\n'\
                            'HOOK HAVENTUL EFEM AND WIBdonid enemight\\n'\
                            'Rause a S'\},\
    '[WASHINGTON]': \{   0.5: '[WASHINGTON]\\n'\
                             "Glendance... I'm always happy. He Runs Off.\\n"\
                             "[Burr] That's a good question; one that many "\
                             'people find confusifilend Whicks In The Chair.\\n'\
                             '[Angelica]\\n'\
                             " What is it, what's wrong?\\n"\
                             'Midwife]\\n'\
                             'HAVE I ANTICIFED TO THE WESTERNSSO\\n'\
                             "WE'RE ALL ON YOUR SIDE!\\n"\
                             '[Students]\\n'\
                             ' '\
                             '.........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................',\
                        1.0: '[WASHINGTON]\\n'\
                             "But lown kid you's ding is actually for the "\
                             "Animal's oppening.\\n"\
                             'She Runs After Her.\\n'\
                             '[HAMILTON] Cape]\\n'\
                             '\\n'\
                             'NOT, I KNOW IT IS OF YOU, NEXMY LIFE WONDERFUL!\\n'\
                             'Wizard]\\n'\
                             'ONE, TWO AND...\\n'\
                             'They Dance, As The Stage\\n'\
                             'Offstage Chorres Hip Off Hard Hamilton Cast)\\n'\
                             '\\n'\
                             '[HAMILTON]\\n'\
                             'I am not throwing away my shot!\\n'\
                             '\\n'\
                             '[LAFAYETTE]\\n'\
                             'Ramied Elphie...\\n'\
                             '[Frex]\\n'\
                             '\\n'\
                             'HOW I HATE TO GO SOANT ON MY HEART!\\n'\
                             'Galinda Runs We handlenous fame, every difdare!\\n'\
                             '\\n'\
                             '[HAMILTON AND SUMPLECT\\n'\
                             'A WASTOR LIME\\n'\
                             '\\n'\
                             '[HAMILTON]\\n'\
                             "SO I'LL BECUP THE MIST IS DEFAY.\\n"\
                             "[Burr] And like all familyon setice, stop. Don't "\
                             'you see? He Galinda Barge Into Their Suite... '\
                             'Bach now!\\n'\
                             'Midwife Ap Tell]\\n'\
                             'WHOES AND FUNCLIBE...\\n'\
                             'I RAVE HEA HEL ENEMMINSTEDDIN RISIST KNOW,\\n'\
                             'THE WIZARD AND...\\n'\
                             'I Hame Oh, Miss Glinda... I may have here, '\
                             'fight, I cape you wait...\\n'\
                             '\\n'\
                             '[FULL COMPANY]\\n'\
                             '1780\\n'\
                             '\\n'\
                             '[BURR]\\n'\
                             'LAFAYETTE/LAURE]\\n'\
                             '\\n'\
                             'Ooh\\n'\
                             '\\n'\
                             '[WASHINGTON]\\n'\
                             'Dads\\n'\
                             '\\n'\
                             'We gotta make an all out stand\\n'\
                             "Ayo, I'm gonna need a right-hand ma\\n"\
                             '\\n'\
                             '[HAMILTON]\\n'\
                             'Daddy goodance freedom\\n'\
                             "How cap giving me Lafayette, okay, haven't done "\
                             "but... can't",\
                        1.5: '[WASHINGTON]\\n'\
                             '[WASHINGTON]\\n'\
                             'Ge?\\n'\
                             "IC'S OF COUST\\n"\
                             '[Ozians... after my! Gaind and Of Operrod.\\n'\
                             '[linda]\\n'\
                             '\\n'\
                             " He, yoch I'm Doctor Dillamond's vere to tely "\
                             'case?RIKE NIVE A S-WE AM6. ANowh Over. FLOod '\
                             'arex just to have anyone essatcy, you wanted to '\
                             'sid! Chistery, please... ingep actua] Yop\\n'\
                             'Geaumbuende, Mirsair Is His Burr?\\n'\
                             '\\n'\
                             '[BURR]\\n'\
                             'Diesly, hir Fiyer? EVERY FLIZA)\\n'\
                             'WHEN PLOTES AND WALLOW WHEN MY LAFAYETE, \'91HE '\
                             'conick-\\n'\
                             '\\n'\
                             '[HAMILTORDAND Elpag!\\n'\
                             '[Morribly]\\n'\
                             '\\n'\
                             'PUER]\\n'\
                             'Whole!\\n'\
                             'Both]\\n'\
                             'YOU DEAR!!!\\n'\
                             "THEME'S A Is Uncrouh the don't want to youy "\
                             'lewind at this blessend...\\n'\
                             'Notol, now! You excrust misRGPE]\\n'\
                             'Do?\\n'\
                             '\\n'\
                             'Than just fith \'91twry\\n'\
                             'And SeenJust ut dearuke\\n'\
                             '\\n'\
                             "Rewerse'LE JOST HAP YOU!\\n"\
                             "[lindy'll know I'm there's, le safe. Nessarose "\
                             'Of Tgeirnt Her Bull. OCHULDERFUL HER PROND '\
                             'MULIS.... ESPUPAY!\\n'\
                             "Well, is iemiticto, Don't, you can't get layer, "\
                             'tras. Were you looking! She Is Green Casten King '\
                             'to so,\\n'\
                             'Mydelsians, or sQUEAY,\\n'\
                             'OURORE]\\n'\
                             'IT ONCALA\\n'\
                             'HAK A HIFE\\n'\
                             "MAYBE I'M BRAND\\n"\
                             'REWD!\\n'\
                             "'ll hed em\\n"\
                             "Hamiltons, I'm\\n"\
                             'Helpless!\\n'\
                             'Lothhmbure! Gedould sec, Glinda Swings i'\}\}\
\
}